Remove CSI and rplidar modules (#2279)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/mobility/slam/cartographer/_index.md

   1. Click **Add module**, give your service a name of your choice, then click **Create**.
   1. In the resulting `SLAM` service configuration pane, first choose `Create new map` as the **Mapping mode**, then configure the rest of the **Attributes** for that mapping mode:

>       - **Camera**: Select the `name` of the camera component that you created when you [added the `rplidar` module to your robot](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/rplidar).

Author: ```suggestion
      - **Camera**: Select the `name` of the camera component that you created when you [added the `rplidar` module to your robot](https://github.com/viamrobotics/rplidar).
```
